# Darter2.0

## Intro

The game _will_ become a simple 2D platformer about a dart frog exploring a jungle. It's a pixel game & the frog will be able to shoot poisonous darts at enemies.

## Tools

- [Excalibur.js](https://excaliburjs.com), an open source, typescript first, HTML5 game engine
- Typescript
- Bun & Vite
- **Front-end Framework (Future):** Angular (planned for site and UI integration)

## Demo

The following was generated by Bun, but should work.

To install dependencies:

```bash
bun install
```

To run:

```bash
bun run serve
```

This project was created using `bun init` in bun v1.3.1. [Bun](https://bun.com) is a fast all-in-one JavaScript runtime.

## Motivation

This project has sort of gone all over the place. It started as an iOS mobile game, but Apple's native game programming was so bad that I ended up letting it go in favor of another runtime. I love iOS, & I love web development, specifically Angular & Typescript. So, I decided to start building for the web.

This game is being made with [Excalibur.js](https://excaliburjs.com), an open source, typescript first, HTML5 game engine! Check it out, it's a project I'm super hopeful for. I'm very new to game dev, so this has been a fun learning project. My dream is to make HTML5 games on the side as I work as a web or iOS developer. More than that, I think web gaming—if taken seriously—can be an incredibly powerful medium for games... triple A level 🫢. For many that sounds crazy, I know, but I want to see if it's possible. 

This project is work in progress! Once I get it finished, I want to try & wire the excalibur project into Angular which I would then use for the site & maybe some game UI. We'll see!
